Mention RESTEasy Reactive in the Qute guide (#14585)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/qute-reference.adoc

[[resteasy_integration]]
=== RESTEasy Integration

If you want to use Qute in your JAX-RS application, then depending on which JAX-RS stack you are using, you'll need to register the proper extension first.

> If you are using RESTEasy Classic via the `quarkus-resteasy` extension, then in your `pom.xml` file, add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the traditional `quakus-resteasy` extension, then in your `pom.xml` file, add:
```
maybe?

I'm not sure to be honest. I'm just wondering if marketing it as `RESTEasy Classic` vs `RESTEasy Reactive` is a good thing.

Author: I don't know either. I've been using that terminology myself but that certainly doesn't mean it's the best

Author: But let's go with your suggestion for now, as it doesn't commit us to anything whereas mine pretty much does

Reviewer 2: "traditional `quakus-resteasy`" sounds OK.

Author: OK, then the PR now is should be good :)
